Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/examples/rss-feeds.md

# Visualizing data from AWS Status feeds

> In this example, we are going to see how we can use AWS status feeds as Grafana annotations. This can be be useful when you are dealing with any AWS outages. For this, we are going to use the [AWS RSS feed](https://status.aws.amazon.com/rss/all.rss). You can find more feeds at [AWS Status page](https://status.aws.amazon.com/)

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/person

```suggestion
In this example, you use AWS status feeds as Grafana annotations.
This can be be useful when you are dealing with any AWS outages.
For this, you're going to use the [AWS RSS feed](https://status.aws.amazon.com/rss/all.rss).
You can find more feeds at [AWS Status page](https://status.aws.amazon.com/)
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/151575227-20088546-4368-4066-a91b-64058982544b.png#center)

## Connection setup

[AWS status feeds](https://status.aws.amazon.com/rss/all.rss) are open and no authentication is required, so you can simply create a data source using Infinity without any additional configuration.

## Annotation setup

Once an annotation has been created in your dashboard, follow the steps below: 

> 1. Create a annotation and select your Infinity data source.
> 2. Select "XML" as query type, "URL" as source and Format "Data Frame".
> 3. Provide `https://status.aws.amazon.com/rss/all.rss` as the URL.
> 4. You need to specify `rss.channel[0].item` as the URL. You can find this path from the original RSS feed.
> 5. Create `title`, `description` as columns and provide the string type.
> 6. Create `pubDate` column and mark this as 'DateTime'.
> 7. Select `guid[0]._` as string. This is your link, so you can alias it as "link".

Reviewer: - https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/markdown-guide/#numbered-lists
- https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#bold

```suggestion
1. Create a annotation and select your Infinity data source.
1. Select **XML** as query type, **URL** as source and Format **Data Frame**.
1. Provide `https://status.aws.amazon.com/rss/all.rss` as the URL.
1. You need to specify `rss.channel[0].item` as the URL. You can find this path from the original RSS feed.
1. Create `title`, `description` as columns and provide the string type.
1. Create `pubDate` column and mark this as 'DateTime'.
1. Select `guid[0]._` as string. This is your link, so you can alias it as "link".
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/151575928-4fc9f188-7f9a-43c5-a92a-6069fe434e6a.png)

> he reference feed item is provided below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following XML is a reference feed item:
```
